Add Keras layers support (#529)
XanaduAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* PennyLane QNodes can now be converted into Keras layers, allowing for creation of quantum and
  hybrid models using the Keras API.
  [(#529)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/pennylane/pull/529)

  For example, here is a simple QNode:

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  ```python
  n_qubits = 2
  dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=n_qubits)

  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def qnode(inputs, weights_0, weight_1):
      qml.RX(inputs, wires=0)
      qml.Rot(*weights_0, wires=0)
      qml.RY(weight_1, wires=1)
      qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
      return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0)), qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(1))
  ```
  

>   This can be converted into a Keras Layer using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The above QNode can be converted into a Keras layer using the `KerasLayer` class:
```
